if you're squatting like this at the gym
you might be ruining your knee so this
position puts a tremendous amount of
pressure on the inside of the knee on a
structure also known as the medial
collateral ligament the medial
collateral ligament is a ligament on the
inside of the knee that supports the
inner KN most people think that in order
to correct this position we might need
to widen up stairs part is might not be
the best in fact it might even worsen
your condition if think about rotating
our hips outward it might put less
pressure on our knees keeping our knees
in line with our toes and therefore Hing
everything neutral preventing the inward
King of the KN this way the load is more
evenly distributed and puts less
pressure on the MCL